doc/mgr/dashboard: add note about known NFS issue (#36098)
ceph/ceph: doc/mgr/dashboard.rst

After running the above command, Ceph Dashboard is able to find the NFS-Ganesha
configuration objects and we can start manage the exports through the Web UI.

.. note::

>     Consider to use a separate pool for the NFS shares only. There is currently
>     a `know issue <https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/46176>`_ with listing the shares
>     if the NFS objects are stored together with a lot of other objects in one pool.

Reviewer: Instead say:
```suggestion
    Separate pool for the NFS shares should be used. Otherwise it can cause this
    `known issue <https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/46176>`_ with listing of shares
    if the NFS objects are stored together with a lot of other objects in a single pool.
```

After running the above command, Ceph Dashboard is able to find the NFS-Ganesha
configuration objects and we can start manage the exports through the Web UI.

.. note::

    A separate pool for the NFS shares should be used. Otherwise it can cause the

>     `know issue <https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/46176>`_ with listing of shares

Reviewer: typo:
```suggestion
    `known issue <https://tracker.ceph.com/issues/46176>`_ with listing of shares
```

Author: Yes, of course. Thanks!
